
Date: Tue, 14 Apr 1998 09:42:18 -0700
From: Abel Weinrib <AWeinrib@jf.intel.com>
Subject: Minutes for March 31 IAB Biz. meeting

============

MINUTES FOR MARCH 31, 1998 IAB BUSINESS MEETING

PRESENT:
Fred Baker
Steve Bellovin
Brian Carpenter
Jon Crowcroft
Steve Deering
Robert Elz
Ned Freed
Tony Hain
Don Heath
Tim Howes
Erik Huizer
Cyndi Jung
John Klensin
Keith Moore
Robert Moskowitz
Charlie Perkins
Radia Perlman
Jon Postel
Abel Weinrib

NEXT MEETING:
Teleconference Tuesday May 12, 10-12 Eastern Time.

NEW ACTION ITEMS:
Charlie Perkins and Bob Moskowitz:  Draft document on tunnelling issues,
architectures, etc.  Send to IAB list.
Keith Moore and Charlie Perkins :  Draft document on "finding stuff"
issues, architectures, etc.  Send to IAB list. 

OLD ACTION ITEMS:
* Brian Carpenter:  Send note to IETF list outlining IAB role and response
re. green paper issues.
* Jon Postel (IANA): Build consensus on how to assign IPv6 addresses--get
the registries to do something or perhaps form a BOF on the issue.
* Tony Hain:  Put together a crisp problem statement for the NAT/VPN/IPv6
problem.

DRAFTS IN PROGRESS:
* Charlie Perkins, Radia Perlman, Sue Hares:  Routing workshop report.
* Brian Carpenter and Erik Huizer:  IAB charter (updated RFC 1601).
* Radia Perlman:  What should be in protocols.
* Steve Bellovin: Security workshop report.
* Charlie Perkins: Technical value of IPv6.

Review actions
-------------------------------
* Brian Carpenter:  Send note to IETF list outlining IAB role and response
re. green paper issues.--done
* Jon Postel (IANA): Build consensus on how to assign IPv6 addresses--get
the registries to do something or perhaps form a BOF on the issue.--Postel
and Hinden had a meeting with representatives of the registries to discuss
draft proposal.  It will be published as an Internet Draft; the registries
will take it to their members for comment.  Finally, will probably be
published as an informational RFC documenting the agreement among the
registries.
* Tony Hain:  Put together a crisp problem statement for the NAT/VPN/IPv6
problem.--done
===============================

Review drafts in progress
-------------------------------
* Brian Carpenter and Erik Huizer:  IAB charter (updated RFC 1601).--on hold
* Radia Perlman:  What should be in protocols.--suffering from lack of
interest on mailing list.  Radia will post to IETF list with a pointer to
discussion list.
* Steve Bellovin: Security workshop report.--with RFC editor, waiting for
IPSEC documents to clear.
* Charlie Perkins: Technical value of IPv6.--draft published; shorten;
informally ask IPng list for comments on accuracy

Welcome/introduction for new members (Brian)
-------------------------------
Welcome to Ned Freed and Tim Howes.
Fond farewells to Radia Perlman and Robert Elz.
===============================

Review of routing workshop (Radia/Steve D)
-------------------------------
After the workshop, there was one rather vociferous complaint regarding the
closed nature of the invitation-only workshop.  However, limited attendance
by a set of experts is both the only way to hold a valuable workshop, and
is entirely within the IAB charter, RFC 1601.  Remember, neither the IAB
nor IAB workshops set standards.

Radia and Steve previewed their overview of the workshop for Friday's IAB
open plenary.  See the notes and presentation slides from the plenary.

Thanks to Steve Deering and Radia Perlman for setting up the workshop, to
Cyndi Jung for taking care of local arrangements, and to Charlie Perkins
and Sue Hares for taking detailed minutes!
===============================

Round table to list IAB work items for 1998/99
-------------------------------
what do we need for routing in five years... how do we get there
million-entry router table entries (or achieving the same effect)
QOS multicast routing
multicast key management
rationalization of RAP, RTFM, etc.--working on similar problems, but
unaware of each other
finding stuff (which to use: dhcp, multicast, ldap, etc.)
roadmap for all the ways you can find things
naming things, URI
directory services
indexing and searching
tunneling
VPN tunnels:  naming, addressing, routing
NAT
firewalls--make them part of the architecture
applicability statements for the security building blocks we have--a living
document
security: actually making applications secure
object security
authorization and access control framework
policy beyond RAP
network management in heterogeneous environments; paradigms beyond SNMP; DEN;
network applications management--more than just instrumentation
IPv6
in-home and to-the-home
root server architectures; is there any way to flatten the hierarchy
document things that are commonly done wrong (implementation and
configuration)
new transport protocol

These items will be clarified and prioritized by email discussion going
forward.
===============================

Report from POC appointees Rob Austein and Patrik Faltstrom
-------------------------------
Things were going fairly smoothly until December, when the US Federal
Government got involved.  Green paper comment period just closed.  Unclear
what will happen next.  POC has been doing very little technical work.

Question from the IAB:  Should the IETF take on specifying a protocol for
interactions between registrars and registries?  Yes, this would be a
useful thing to do now.  All existing proposals on the table require this
functionality.  Protocols for maintaining consistent copies of a registry
would also be interesting.

Question from appointees:  Does the IAB want to relinquish the voting
rights of its appointees to the POC when the POC changes its constitution?
The POC appointees pointed out that everything is done by consensus anyway,
and this would be a politically good thing to do.  The IAB's proper role is
to make sure that reasonable technical solutions are pursued--voting rights
appear irrelevant to executing this role.  Issue is when should this be
done, and should this be unilateral or conditional on everyone else giving
up their vote?

The IAB in general felt that the voting rights of its appointees is not
that important--we want to advise, not vote.  However, we do not want this
to be taken as a repudiation of the POC.  A decision on this will be taken
when the revised constitution of the POC is decided.
===============================

Whither NAT? (Tony)
-------------------------------
Tony reported on the NAT working group meeting today.  The working group is
focused on making NATs as good as possible.  The IAB needs to focus on the
areas where NATs impact the architecture of the Internet.  We need to
document the long-term consequences of NATs, so that people don't
erroneously conclude that NATs preclude the need for IPv6.  More broadly,
as with firewalls, perhaps we should also explore ways that applications
and NATs can work together better. 
===============================

Straw poll on 1998/99 IAB Chair (conducted by Abel)
-------------------------------
Brian Carpenter agreed to continue to serve as chair; his offer was met
with enthusiasm.
===============================

Future Meetings
-------------------------------
Regular teleconference second Tuesday of the month at 10:00 AM Eastern Time.
===============================
===============================
These minutes were prepared by Abel Weinrib, weinrib@intel.com.  An online
copy of these and other minutes are available at ftp://ftp.isi.edu:pub/IAB.
Also, visit the IAB Web page at http://www.iab.org/iab.

[]
